Yuchen pays tribute to the ancient king
Lord Ancient King
Where did this jar come from, little girl?
Really rude
Jars can talk
Talking about Lord Gu Wang is suffering from the flatulence of Dark Hidden Spirit
Nowhere, yet ubiquitous.
Don't look at him, he's just an ordinary jar
But there are thousands of highly toxic bones hidden in it
Oh, so scary.
I am Xiao Yanfeng to meet the ancient king
I would like to ask Lord Gu Wang to enhance my divine power
Huamiao Huamiao
Young man, you had a chance to become immortal
Now it's revenge
Willing to go to hell
The World Bank God has worked hard for thousands of years to get one
Live by absorbing the grievances of heaven and earth
Very toxic.
The mortal body can't bear it at all
Unless it is tested by the deity
Otherwise, blindly enhancing the power of the divine bone is courting death
That's thinking about being willing to take the test
The trial of the king is very dangerous
A mistake
I'm afraid there will be no return.
And he was right.
Are you really going?
I've made up my mind.
Next, you will be in the illusion of inner demons
You can worship the demons in the illusion
I will agree to your request.
Brother-in-law, I have heard of this illusion
Very dangerous
Entering it is either death or injury
It doesn't matter, I wish for life.
Boy, are you here to die?